Our GitHub workflow is looking pretty good, but right now it is only running tests inside of our service.
We definitely need to make sure that we run tests inside of all of our other services as well.
There's two ways that we can implement some additional configuration to run tests inside of our other
services.
First, I'm going to go back to the code tab on GitHub.
You'll notice inside of your there's a new folder of GitHub workflows that is all of where all of our
different workflow configuration files get saved.
If we open up the test, one that is the workflow, we just created a moment to go.
So there are two different ways that we can make sure that we run tests in all of our other services.
We can either add in some additional run statements to this thing so we can make sure that we've run
some more commands, like change into the orders directory, install dependencies, and then run tests
inside there and then have another line for the ticket service, another for expiration, another for
payments and so on.
That is definitely one way to do it, but that is going to make sure that we run all of our tests in
series.
In other words, we're going to run all the tests for the auth service first and then expiration and
then orders and then tickets and so on.
In total, it might end up taking several minutes to run all the different tests for our project.
Well, there's technically another way that we could wire up all of these testing workflows to make
them all run in parallel.
We can create some additional workflows that also execute on the on pull request event.
And for each of these additional workflows we can create, we'll have them change into each of our other
individual services and run tests inside them.
So essentially for each individual service we can create a different GitHub action and that's going
to make sure that they all run in parallel or essentially at the same time, which is going to dramatically
speed up our testing process.
So with that in mind, we're going to go through all of our different services, create a different
workflow file for each of them.
I'm going to first begin by opening up or directly editing this file on GitHub.
I just want to change the name of the file and the name of the workflow step, just to make sure that
it's really clear that this is a set of tests for running the test in the service.
So click on the edit this file.
I'm going to change the name right here to s dash off.
I'll change the name of the file as well to test the.
I'll then commit these changes.
I'm then going to copy everything inside of here, and we're going to create a couple of extra files
for all of our other services that actually have tests inside them.
Again, this is to get all these different tests to run in parallel whenever we create a pull request
or merge in changes.
So inside of my workflows directory I'll click on the workflows link.
I'm going to manually create a new file.
I'll give the file a name of tests orders.
HTML.
And I'll paste in all the stuff that we just copied.
I'll then change tests off to test orders.
And down inside this run step, I'll update it to change into the orders directory instead.
I'll then go down to the bottom and commit those changes.
All right.
Now, really quick, one thing I want to mention here is that we never actually put together any test
inside of our expiration service.
So the only other services we have to create a workflow file for, besides off and orders which we just
created, is payments and tickets.
So we're going to create two other workflow files, one for tickets and one for payments.
Let's take care of payments first.
So again, inside of my workflows directory, I'll create a new file of test dash.
Payments that eml.
Well, then paste all that stuff in.
I'll change the name right there to test payments.
And I'll change the CD right there as well to payments.
Okay.
Go down to the bottom.
Save it.
And then just one more.
We'll create another file of tests, tickets, html.
Do the paste tests, dash tickets.
And then change CD off into CD tickets.
And then finally go down to the bottom and commit.
Okay.
So now we should, whenever we create a pull request, push changes to a polar request, run all for
these jobs in parallel, which would significantly speed up our run.
Before we test this, however, we do need to make sure that we go around to our orders, payments and
tickets projects and add in that test colon CI script to each of them.
So back inside, my editor.
Or excuse me first inside of our terminal, let's make sure that we're making these changes to the master
branch.
So I'm going to change back over to Master first.
Then I'll go back over.
Technically, that didn't matter.
We could have just made the changes while we were on the dev branch and then check out master.
But whatever.
I just want to make the point that we want to make these changes to the master branch.
So now we're going to go around to our orders, payments and ticket services and add in that new test
command.
So first off, inside of orders, I'll find the package JSON file and I'll add in test CI.
Just.
Okay.
There's one.
I'll save the file and close it.
Next up is payments.
Stop it in test, Cy.
Just save it.
And then last one, our ticket service.
Test.
Sigh.
Just and save it.
All right, so let's save that.
Well, then go back over to our terminal.
We're going to commit these three change packages on files and then push them up.
They'll do a get add.
I need to make sure I add everything from my root project directory.
I cannot add from directly inside of off.
I'll do a get add from ticketing.
Now if I do a get status, I should see those three files added.
All commit those changes with the message of added test script.
And before we try to push these changes, we did just make a change to our master branch.
So we have to pull those changes down first.
So I'll do a get pull origin master.
That's going to merge in those changes.
Once again, you're going to be prompted with an editor.
You can just close the editor out.
Merge those changes in and now I can push these up.
So get push origin master.
All right.
Just to make sure that we are totally on the same page at this point in time, we should be able to
go back over to GitHub, refresh our repository, see all four workflow files inside the master branch
in the GitHub workflows file folder.
And I should be able to also go back over to my main ticketing directory, go into, say, the payments
service, take a look at the package JSON file and see the test CI script inside there.
And you should be able to see that test CI script inside of the orders payments.
Tickets, services package.
JSON files.
All right.
So we've taken a long time here.
So let's now take a pause.
We're going to come back the next video.
Make one more change to our dev branch.
Push it up and then make sure that we run all the tests over our entire project in parallel.
So we'll take care of that in just a moment.